Changes made from last week:
1. The number used to determine how the data is split is now automated. So the user determines that at the begining of the program and it's passed as a paramater to the function.
2. Modified the varaible names and function names so they make more sense based on what they are suppsoed to do.
3. The integers are now reconginzed as floats but the floats are not recongzied as integers. Which is what we want.
4. Scrapped a lot of regular expressions in the process of implementing them into the fucntions. 
5. I did increase the rows and cols for the data and the program is starting to get slow. I now know the functions that are taking the most time and I've started working on modifying 
them to improve the performance. There's also bugs that are showing up the more the rows increase so I'm working on resolving that too. 

These are the changes I have made and implemented based on what we talked about last week and I have implemented most of it, just wasn't able to get it all done this week
because there's alot that we discussed that needs to change but I should have it all covered by next week. 

We really don't have to meet since I'm still working through the changes we talked about so everything is still in progress and I havea good idea of what needs to change and be improved upon for the
reamining parts. 


To do next:
// this is being called way too many times, change this...
				conditionMet = testCondition(operator, count, rowsInFirstThread);

				// instead of having it call test condition, have the count till it is equal to
				// numRows --- for the first thread

- get a large number of the regular expressions and use those. --- webscrape the regex. preferably to a different file or fucntion
- put the regex in a different function
- make the code elegant --- use lambda expressions to make the code elegant 

things to do for this week

4. process threads is being called twice yet only half the data is needed for each call. modify this...  
6. use enums for the data type comparisons ---  what is this and how do i use this? how is it applicable to my case... 
	a. what are enums for data types?
8. Modify thread 1 instead of having it call test condition, have the count till it equals num rows for the first thread 

12. document the changes made based on the profiler. 
				
				
				
To do in the future:
1. have the types map to more than one type 
2. match the different types and increase the count based on the types matched. 


